hi guys so I'm back today with another
video and this video is a little bit
different to any I've done and because
it's a favorites video just for a
particular brand and it's all of my
favorite topshop makeup that I own
things that I really love and recommend
so before I get started I just let you
know my necklace is from love and
boutique and if you follow me on
instagram would have already seen it
because I posted a picture up of it and
I can't remember how much it is but i
absolutely love love love it goes with
everything and my dress is from a sauce
and on my lips I'm wearing NARS dragon
girl which is the crayon matte lip
pencil with cherry me baby lips on the
top just to make it a little bit more
moisturizing and these smells so good
hmm anyway so onto the video my favorite
topshop makeup first thing I absolutely
love from Topshop with something that I
initially bought a long time ago and I
just didn't use and it's the cream
blushes I had another one but I've lost
it and can't find it anywhere but this
is in head over heels cream blush so it
is a really nice peachy color really
natural I'm wearing it today really
buildable it's a perfect combination
between a mat and a cream it's not super
super creamy because I do have some
cream blushes that are to be honest not
very nice to apply just because they
feel very oily this is a really perfect
combination between the two exceptional
cream and a powder blusher so that's the
shade I have it already here so it is
buildable and it leaves a really nice
finish to your cheeks and I love the
packaging as well the next is something
i bought i think about two months ago
and it's the highlighter quad from
Topshop so you get these four really
nice highlighted shades and i think it
was about 10 pounds but this is great
for traveling you get all these amazing
shades of this is a this is a really
nice highlight they're all really good
highlighters but like this could be more
like a bronzer and this is what i could
you like a blusher and highlights
and they're all really good again not
greasy on the skins if you have oily
skin I still think this would work for
you really well and yeah love the
packaging really good product the next
favorites from Topshop would be
lipsticks I love the lipsticks I own for
these here and first one I'll show you
is desert they're just a really nice
formulation really pigmented they're not
drying on the lips they do tend to last
quite a while so that's desert really
nice nude shade the next is like for me
it's like my lips but better and this is
in the shade innocent that's what it
looks like on the bullet in the bullet
it's like a pinky pink Ike a rosy pink
so it's that one there the only thing I
have to say that I don't like about the
packaging is that it tends to really rub
off like this is the one that I had in
my handbag as you can see likes exposed
metal and stuff like that that's the
only downfall I don't experience that
with my other lipsticks but in terms of
the product and even the packaging
before it gets like this it is amazing
so there's that one the rest of you
haven't heard in my bag so the next is
Brighton Rock which is a nice fuchsia
pink it reminds me of Max and it makes
impassioned yeah I think it is but it's
really similar if it's that one I'm
thinking of if it's not I'll putting
down Bob I'm pretty sure that's the name
of it and again really pigmented such a
beautiful color it's like a satin finish
finally my other favorite one one that I
love is Rio Rio she's a nice orangey red
shade and like I said I just love the
formulation of these think there are
eight pounds so it's like a pinky red
and finally the last thing I would
recommend would be the kind of like
cream highlighters but the retractable
one so yeah I've got two of them again
obviously topshop this is in the shade
ray which is a really nice bronzy gold
shade and that's a big swatch of it and
there are
and i love these just because they are
really easy to apply and again they're
good for traveling you get a lot of
product in there as well and the next
one is in luminescence so you can see
that it's like a Goldie this one reminds
me of all guys I'm actually a little bit
over NARS orgasm and so that's that one
you can see that Lucy where I can swatch
it a bit bigger so that's that one there
and again really bendable really nice M
formulation so those are my favorite
favorite favorite Topshop and products
that i own and like i said i haven't
tried everything from the collection
because anything that you guys recommend
from Topshop do let me know I'd love to
try out and I really love the things
that I own and yeah just like we know if
you have any recommendations and thumbs
up if you liked this video thanks for
watching and I'll see you in my next one
bye